README.md, before:

# helix-dot-com-next
Next.js code for corporate website 

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

1. After cloning this repository, if you use `nvm` run `nvm install` to use and, if needed, install the version of node specified in `.nvmrc`. Or otherwise use the specified node version.

2. Run `yarn` to install dependencies.

3. Run `yarn dev` to run the development server and open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Deployments

The app deploys to Vercel.

Pushes to the `staging` branch auto-deploy to [https://helix-dot-com-next-staging.vercel.app/](https://helix-dot-com-next-staging.vercel.app/).

Pushes to the `main` branch auto-deploy to [https://helix-dot-com-next.vercel.app/](https://helix-dot-com-next.vercel.app/).

Check out the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

Commit message:

docs(README): Add Storybook info.

README.md, after:

# Helix.com Front End
[Next.js](https://nextjs.org/docs) code for corporate website, including [Storybook](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/get-started/install/) for documenting styles and components.

## Getting Started

1. After cloning this repository, if you use `nvm` run `nvm install` to use and, if needed, install the version of node specified in `.nvmrc`. Or otherwise use the specified node version.

2. Run `yarn` to install dependencies.

3. Run `yarn dev` to run the development server and open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## Deployments

The app deploys to Vercel.

Pushes to the `staging` branch auto-deploy to [https://helix-dot-com-next-staging.vercel.app/](https://helix-dot-com-next-staging.vercel.app/).

Pushes to the `main` branch auto-deploy to [https://helix-dot-com-next.vercel.app/](https://helix-dot-com-next.vercel.app/).

Check out the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.


## Storybook

You can run Storybook locally alongside the studio with `yarn storybook`. Changes to storybook will automatically deploy to Vercel:
- Storybook on the `main` (production) environment is at [https://helix-dot-com-storybook.vercel.app/](https://helix-dot-com-storybook.vercel.app/)
- Storybook on `staging` is at [https://helix-dot-com-storybook-staging.vercel.app/](https://helix-dot-com-storybook-staging.vercel.app/)
